contact.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Contact
permalink: /contact/
---
# You can email me or find me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/TechGameTeddy) if you want to get in touch.

 As I said, I love meeting new people so don't hesitate to send a message or as a question!

 My full-time job is a Linux/Systems Administrator, so feel free to get in touch if you want to discuss potential projects, questions about tech, or need any paid help.

 If you'd like to set up a meeting with me, click here to schedule a meeting based on your availability.

## CONTRIBUTE
 Help feed me & my coding obsession

 If you want to show your support for any of the poetry or open source projects I devote my time to, here's a [Paypal link](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=8G7FG8DFB54S6&currency_code=USD&source=url) that you may click. Or send donations with comment "pursue your passion" via [Cash App](cash.app/$Tmeralus) ** $Tmeralus **

 My open source work started as a fun hobby, but as this blog got more popular, it has turned into a full-time job commitment without pay or benefits. I would really appreciate if you support my hard work, so that I'll be able to continue my passion and projects.

Commit message:

updated contact info as well

contact.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Contact
permalink: /contact/
---
# Ways to Contact Me

## [Twitter](https://wwwtwitter.com/exploi_TED) if you want to get in touch.

 I love meeting new people (especially in tech) so don't hesitate to send a message or as a question!
 My open source work started as a fun hobby, but as this blog got more popular, it has turned into a full-time job commitment without pay or benefits. I would really appreciate if you support my hard work, so that I'll be able to continue my passion and projects.

 My full-time job is a Linux/Systems Administrator, so feel free to get in touch if you want to discuss potential projects, questions about tech, or need any paid help.

## CONTRIBUTE
 Help feed me & my coding obsession

 If you want to show your support for any of the projects I devote my time to, here's a few ways to do so
### [Paypal link](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=8G7FG8DFB54S6&currency_code=USD&source=url)

### [Cash App](cash.app/$Tmeralus) ** $Tmeralus **
